Zach Carlson
Individual Capstone Assessment
	The Senior Design Capstone project is one project that I have been looking forward to ever since I got accepted into UC. This project is a great way for me to continue learning collaboration skills on a large, time-consuming project. I believe this project will enhance my learning in the machine learning field, which is something I am considering for a full-time job. This Capstone project for me is all about learning how to collaborate, meet deadlines, learn, and create. Capstone allows students the opportunity to be creative and work together in an environment that might be similar to working in a full-time position. It teaches students how to communicate better with others as well as doing thorough research and spending time developing a project. 
	When it comes to my experiences at UC there have been a lot of classes that have helped guide me to the point that I am today. The first class that stands out to me is ENED 1100. This class helped me get to the point of being comfortable and professional when working in groups. The next class that has helped me a lot is a Python Programming (CS 2021) class that I took because Python is the programming language we are going to be using for this project. Next is my AI Principles and Applications (CS 4033) class that I took. This class set me up with a great foundation for writing algorithms and is the main reason I want to pursue machine learning for this project. Lastly, I am taking a machine learning course right now (CS 5137) that I believe will be able to help me with this project.
	I have been at Co-op with 2 different companies. My first two co-ops were with American Cutting edge doing IT work (IT Intern). This was my first co-op and it taught me how to work in a professional environment and increased my communications skills a ton. My last three co-ops were with Siemens where I worked as a front-end developer on a company website (Software Developer Intern). This co-op increased my collaboration skills because some of the other co-ops on my team had very similar tasks. I believe that these co-op experiences will help me be a better team player for this project and will also gave me the knowledge to know what a large project’s workflow looks like.
	As stated previously, the Senior Design Capstone project is one project that I have been looking forward to ever since I got accepted into UC. My motivation for this project is to increase my knowledge in the machine learning field and create a project that I am proud to show off. We are still deciding what specific thing we want to do with machine learning but when we get an idea the first steps will be to start researching. I know very little about what goes into machine learning currently but I am taking a course on machine learning right now and I have the motivation to increase my knowledge on that topic. I am excited to see what our final product will look like and what its’ capabilities are. Lastly, I am excited about the opportunities that might come out of this project.
	I expect that from this project we will have a machine-learned program that is able to do the desired functionalities. My accomplishments will be defined by myself based on how much progress we make and if the results are what we expected. I want to have moments where I added or changed something to make the program better in any way. We will know if we have succeeded if our final program is able to run the desired tests and functionalities that we assigned to it at the start. I would like to have a project that is interesting and well-done enough that we impress others with our work. It will be a long process, but we are all excited to start coding and getting our program up and running.
